feat(servicecatalog): add CloudFormation Parameter constraint (#15770)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-servicecatalog/README.md

- [Constraints](#constraints)
  - [Tag update constraint](#tag-update-constraint)
  - [Notify on stack events](#notify-on-stack-events)

>   - [Constrain Cloudformation parameters](#constrain-cloudformation-parameters)

Reviewer: Let's call this "CloudFormation parameters constraint ", to be consistent with the other entries.

});
```

### CloudFormation parameters constraint

> CloudFormation parameters constraints allow you to configure the that are available to end users when they launch a product via defined rules.

Reviewer: Missing word?

```suggestion
CloudFormation parameters constraints allow you to configure the values that are available to end users when they launch a product via defined rules.
```

A provisioning rule consists of one or more assertions that narrow the allowable values for parameters in a product.
You can configure multiple rules to govern the different parameters and parameter options in your products.
For example, a parameter might define the various instance types that users can choose from when launching a stack that includes EC2 instances.

> A provisoning rule has an optional `ruleCondition` field that allows ability to configure when rules are applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A provisioning rule has an optional `condition` field that allows ability to configure when rules are applied.
```

> If a `ruleCondition` is specified, all the assertions will be applied if the condition evalutates to true.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `condition` is specified, the assertions will be applied only if the condition evaluates to true.
```

Author: :( sorry
